add message about log collection for PCI enabled orgs (#24014)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/gitlab.md

<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: Logs are billed separately from CI Visibility.</div>

> <div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: Job log collection is not available for [PCI-compliant organizations][25].</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: Job log collection is not available for <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/data_security/pci_compliance/?tab=logmanagement">PCI-compliant organizations.</a>.</div>
```

<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: Logs are billed separately from CI Visibility.</div>

> <div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: Job log collection is not available for <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/data_security/pci_compliance/?tab=logmanagement">PCI-compliant organizations.</a>.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: Job log collection is not available for <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/data_security/pci_compliance/?tab=logmanagement">PCI-compliant organizations</a>.</div>
```
